‎A river that brings life wherever it goes,
‎a land that’s divided
so that each inhabitant
‎has equal access to its bounties,
‎an earthly seat of administration
‎that governs
according to Jehovah’s loving ways
‎—these thrilling truths
and more are discussed
‎in the final section
of the Pure Worship book.
‎Based on Ezekiel 43:7,
‎the title of section 5 is
‎“I Will Dwell Among the People.”
‎In the first chapter of this section,
‎we’ll learn about the remarkable river
‎that Ezekiel saw in his temple vision.
‎The title of the chapter is
‎“Everything Will Live
Wherever the Stream Goes.”
‎That title is drawn from Ezekiel 47:9.
‎Please read it with me:
‎“Swarms of living creatures
‎“will be able to live
wherever the waters flow.
‎“There will be an abundance of fish,
‎“because this water will flow there.
‎“The seawater will be healed,
‎and everything will live
wherever the stream goes.”
‎As you study this chapter,
‎try to answer these questions:
‎How was Ezekiel’s vision of the river
‎fulfilled in ancient times?
‎In what ways are we seeing
‎a fulfillment of that vision today?
‎How will Ezekiel’s visionary river flow
‎in the greatest sense
during Christ’s Millennial Reign?
‎Do you enjoy picturing yourself
‎and your loved ones in Paradise?
‎A study of Ezekiel’s visionary river
‎will help you to make
that picture even more vivid.
‎May this chapter fill your heart
with that precious hope!